Add November update (#130)
ThePHPF/thephp.foundation: source/_posts/2023-11-09-php-foundation-update-november-2023.md

For this security audit, we are partnering with [The Open Source Technology Improvement Fund, Inc](https://ostif.org/) (OSTIF), a corporate non-profit dedicated to securing critical open-source projects. They have a proven track record of audits for [popular open-source projects](https://github.com/ostif-org/OSTIF/blob/main/Completed-Engagements.md) such as cURL, Git, Linux Kernel, OpenSSL, Node.js, and others.

## Reports schedule

Although we promised to prepare quarterly reports, that unfortunately did not happen to be feasible. So for 2023, we fall back to one yearly report. The 2023 transparency report will be published in December.

## Meet us at the conferences

You can meet our team at the following conferences in late 2023:

**[betterCode(PHP)](https://php.bettercode.eu/) – Nov 27**

Jakub Zalenka will give a talk: "PHP 8.3: Changes and future plans". <br> 
Besides Jakub, there will be talks from Niels Dossche and Sebastian Bergmann.

**[SymfonyCon Brussels](https://live.symfony.com/2023-brussels-con/) – Dec 7–8**

You’ll be able to meet and talk to our board members: Nils Adermann, Sebastian Bergmann, Nicolas Grekas, and Roman Pronskiy.

## Thank you to our sponsors

> Check out the [Sponsors section](https://opencollective.com/redirect?url=https%3A%2F%2Fthephp.foundation%2F%23sponsors) on our [website](https://opencollective.com/redirect?url=https%3A%2F%2Fthephp.foundation%2F). It shows all major contributors sorted by donation amount.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the [Sponsors section](https://thephp.foundation/#sponsors) on our [website](https://thephp.foundation/). It shows all major contributors sorted by donation amount.
```

**[Sentry](https://sentry.io/)**

Big thanks to the Sentry team for sponsoring the PHP foundation!

Sentry is a popular application performance monitoring & error tracking tool, and they [just gave $500,000 to multiple open source maintainers](https://blog.sentry.io/we-just-gave-500-000-dollars-to-open-source-maintainers/?utm_source=linkedin&utm_content=blog-fundfest23-learnmore).

**Shout-out to non-financial sponsors**

[Digital Ocean](https://www.digitalocean.com/) has been supporting the PHP project for ages – [php.net](https://www.php.net/) servers run on DigitalOcean boxes. We would like to express our gratitude to DigitalOcean for their ongoing support.

> Big thanks to [everyone](https://opencollective.com/redirect?url=https%3A%2F%2Fthephp.foundation%2F%23sponsors) for your continued support – the PHP Foundation is all of us!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Big thanks to [everyone](https://thephp.foundation/#sponsors) for your continued support – the PHP Foundation is all of us!
```

---

> That’s all for today. Follow us on Twitter [@ThePHPF](https://twitter.com/thephpf) or Mastodon [phpc.social/@thephpf](https://opencollective.com/redirect?url=https%3A%2F%2Fphpc.social%2F%40thephpf) to get the latest updates from the PHP Foundation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That’s all for today. Follow us on Twitter [@ThePHPF](https://twitter.com/thephpf) or Mastodon [phpc.social/@thephpf](https://phpc.social/@thephpf) to get the latest updates from the PHP Foundation.
```
